(Top 3 so far)
*Food Recommendation App (With what you have in the fridge) - Pinterest API
    - Refrigator Items Freshness App - Grocery Store Website Scraping
    It would be an app that would initially have the user input into a list/database what they currently have in their fridge/pantry. Then the user would select what items they would like to cook with (or a 'select all items from fridge/pantry' option would be available if they don't want to be limited by just what they want to use), and we would present the user with a list of stuff they could make based off of what they selected as the ingredients they would like to use. Another feature we may implement as well is that when the user plugs in the stuff they have in their fridge/pantry, they can also put in the expiration dates for them that way we can send them an alert whenever something in their fridge/pantry is about to expire. Then we can search for nearby stores that have that item that's about to expire and tell them they can go restock there. 
    One of the third party libraries that we would use would be the Pinterest API since many people upload recipes with instructions and an ingredient list on there. Then depending on whether we decide to implement the expiration date alert feature, we may need to use the phone's GPS sensor to look for nearby stores. We would then run a search on that store's website and scrape it to find whether or not they have the item that is about to expire. 
Ubereats with Home Chefs - Google Maps API
*Roadtrip Planner - Google Maps API
    It would be an app that would take all the hasle away from planning a roadtrip. The user would input the locations they would like to travel to on their roadtrip, how many people would be on the trip, and in how many days they would like to complete the trip in. We would then plan out the route (reorder the locations) that would lead to the most optimal trip (e.g. If the user would put in Los Angeles, Chicago, and Miami in that order, then we would reorder them in a way that would lead to the least amount of mileage that they would have to drive). It would then tell the user how much time they would have at each location of the trip, as to allow for them to complete the whole trip within the days given. If the whole trip isn't able to be completed within the amount of days provided, then we would inform the user that they need more days to complete the given trip that way they can decide on whether they would like to take more days for the trip or if they would like to delete a location. We would also allow for the reverse where the user can plug in how much time/days they would like to spend at each location, and we would provide them with the minimum amount of days that would be needed to complete the whole trip that way they can either ask off of work for those many days or just allow them to plan out their calendar in an easier manner. A feature that may be added, depending on how development goes, would be that the user can plug in a budget for the whole trip. We would then take this budget into consideration and recommend/plan out restaurants/hotels for them to stop at. 
    One of the third party libraries that we would use would be the Google Maps API to plan out the user's trip for them. Then depending on whether we implement the restaurant recommendations, we may use the Yelp API to find the price level of a restaurant and see whether or not it fits within the user's budget.

(Extra Ideas)
Resource Sharing App (Recommend articles, videos, etc. about a requested topic)
*Movie Night Meetup
ASMR Requesting App - Twilio Api
Airbnb for Home Gyms
Restaurant Week Gadget (Inspection, rotate restarants every few weeks to check for sanitariness)
Rating door knob handles (Rating App using imaging)
Text Messaging Bombing (Spam messages to someone)
